STEPHEN MANGAN:
'Previously on The Fortune Hotel...'
What's that?
Don't know what it is.
'..Gary and Lesley were reunited
with an old friend...'
Who's given us that, then, I wonder?
'..an enticing twist
raised suspicions.'
The pair
who are left holding the fortune
at the end of the Nightcap
will withdraw and pocket £10,000.
'Aysha and Samm, you had the money.'
You've made it so obvious,
and we're watching you.
'Fortune Holders Will and Jo
felt under pressure.'
Would you mind
if we swapped with you?
Cos I'm just thinking
that we're a target.
'A thrilling challenge saw Dan
and Claire holding all the power.'
You get to pick
the entire swapping order later.
'At the Nightcap, Will and Jo
reluctantly passed on the fortune.'
I think everybody were thinking,
"Mm, have Jo and Will got it?".
'Aysha and Samm were handed
the Early Checkout Card,
'which left them
with a huge decision to make.'
If you give me the Checkout Card,
I'll be pissed off,
so I might as well
just take you out.
I could give his briefcase
to someone strong.
'But who will they send packing?'
MUSIC: 'Be Careful
What You Wish For' by NineOneOne
Aysha and Samm, you're next up.
What are you gonna do?
Are you gonna stick?
Are you gonna swap?
I know what's there.
I don't know what's here,
and I don't trust that guy.
We want our case back.
# I wish everything would stop
# Let me breathe... #
OK, go get it.
# Just let me breathe... #
We tried to get rid of the card.
And I didn't even give it a thought
it might come back again.
There are just two couples left.
Dan and Claire, you're in control.
Who's going next?
It would be foolhardy
for us not to go last.
So I hope you don't mind,
but we have selected
Tommy and Scott next.
Tommy and Scott...
what are you two gonna do?
I think we're gonna swap
with Will and Jo-Anne.
So you're taking
Adam and Michael's original case.
Why are you doing that?
I've just got a good feeling
about it, a bit of a hunch.
Great, OK. Do it. Thank you.
Dan and Claire, final swap or stick
is in your hands.
We've decided
to start taking some risks.
We are going to swap...
..with Samm and Aysha.
Busy night for you two. Let's swap.
Samm and Aysha got their case back
from Gary and Lesley.
If they were the Fortune Holders,
then they'd absolutely want
that money back.
JAE: 'I bet you
Dan and Claire have the money.'
It's time to learn your fortunes.
Couples with a new case,
come up and check what's inside.
Gary and Lesley.
Michael and Adam.
'They don't know we've had the money
the whole time we've been here.'
'Oh, God, they're never gonna talk
to us again.'
'Oh, my goodness.'
There was no way in a million years
we thought 250 grand
was gonna be in that case.
THEY CHUCKLE SOFTLY
We're lucky we laugh all the time.
Yeah.
Cos then at least it looks
like we're doing the same thing.
It's time to find out
who will be leaving
The Fortune Hotel this evening.
Can the holders
of the Early Checkout Card
please reveal themselves?
Whoo! It's us.
I'm sorry to see you both go.
Thank you.
Yeah, we're obviously sorry
to see us go. Yeah.
CHUCKLING
But, you know, I'm a bit of a loser.
But with Lesley by your side,
you're definitely a winner, mate.
ALL: Aww.
You guys have been a pleasure
to share The Fortune Hotel with.
Thank you. You're about to swap
Egyptian cotton sheets
for a pair of window seats.
THEY CHUCKLE
Please leave your case
and leave The Fortune Hotel.
# I, I
# I know that you did it... #
'Well, we said we would get rid of
the Early Checkout Card
'a second time.'
'And we did.'
And technically, we did.
We just got it back.
We just didn't get rid of it
the third time.
Taxi to England.
Well done to the Fortune Holders.
You are going to bed £10,000 richer,
and you will also be deciding
the fate
of where this card goes next.
Thank you. Good night.
ALL: Good night.
I don't like looking
at Adam's reactions.
He gave me a few looks in there.
I don't know if he's...
I don't know if he's just confused.
He was most probably thinking,
"Why have they given it us?
"Why haven't they kept it?"
Our closest allies,
we didn't even know had the money.
'The thing is, Jo and Will have...'
They've essentially given us
ten grand.
They've basically given us
'But we can't fully trust them,
can we?'
'Not yet. No.
'Not at this stage.'
THEY CHUCKLE SOFTLY
That's ten grand. Smell it.
That's ten grand, mate.
HE INHALES,
CHUCKLES
The money has been under our nose
the whole time.
We didn't even know we've had it.
It's sitting there.
We're thinking we're going home,
and then we're ending up,
we've got 250 grand
in our possession,
and we've banked 10K.
And now we've got to start
thinking about this card.
This is horrible now.
We need to give it
to the weakest pairings. Yeah.
On related tasks at the moment,
the weakest pairings are...
Samm and Aysha.
Samm and Aysha and...
BOTH: Jae and Cherish.
Yeah.
Either of them two pairings...
we would like to think we're gonna
get higher than them in challenges.
I wouldn't like to choose
between the two. No.
Oh, God.
I think maybe that's another
rock-paper-scissors one.
OK, so I'll be Samm and Aysha.
And I'll be Jae and Cherish.
OK.
One, two, three.
It's not a nice thing, is it?
I don't like it.
No.
Come in.
My God.
They gave it to us.
Mm... that's interesting.
CHUCKLES
Wow, Dan and Claire.
Let the games begin.
OK, OK.
The game is really on now.
I thought
you were still asleep then.
Mm-hm.
It took a while to answer.
I thought,
"I bet you're still asleep."
Morning.
Hi.
I was coming.
Morning.
Morning, morning, morning.
Ooh!
Less energy. Less... Less energy.
I'm tired.
How are you feeling?
Just feeling deflated,
to be honest,
because I still think it's
Dan and Claire that gave it to us.
Yeah. I'd really love
to return it back to them.
CHUCKLING: Yeah.
Karma's a bitch.
Cos I'm not leaving.
Are you leaving?
I ain't going nowhere.
I'm not leaving.
I don't wanna leave.
It's not that time just yet.
My gut's telling me
that Susan and Jen
have got the fortune at the moment.
Based on Jen's reaction last night,
the fact that they did stick again.
So if that's the case,
who do we think they've given the
Early Checkout Card to overnight?
Based on what's happened so far...
In the challenges.
..Jae and Cherish.
Yeah, yeah, I agree.
It's gonna be interesting as well
how we interact with...
with Jae and Cherish.
I think we just need
to be ourselves. Yeah.
Like, I feel bad.
I feel bad, but it's the game.
Yeah.
So we'll just stay sweet with them.
It's not personal, is it?
We've had to pick someone.
We do feel bad about it,
but the name of the game is to...
Is to win, isn't it?
Yeah.
We need to have a chat with
Michael and Adam today when we can.
They're gonna think, "Bloody hell,
"they have proper played a game,"
aren't they? Yeah.
I want them to know...
..that they can trust us.
Good morning, guys.
ALL: Good morning.
How are we all?
Good.
Good, good.
Who do you guys think has the money?
I think Samm and Aysha
had the money.
Mm-hm.
So...
Dan and Claire have it now. Mm.
Yeah. Yeah.
Obviously, we now know
what was in your case,
and you now know
what was in our case.
So that bonds us a little bit
in the game, doesn't it? Yeah.
Because now there are other people
in the same situation.
Do you feel nervous
about talking to them?
No, unless they've got, like,
some mad idea in their head.
And now you just don't know, do you?
Here they are, look.
Are they? Ah.
Have a seat, boys.
Yeah. How are you guys feeling?
Yeah, good.
All right.
The first thing I wanted to say is
I couldn't read your reaction
yesterday when you checked the case.
I thought you were pissed off.
No, we weren't pissed off.
It's worked out.
It has worked out well.
Are you happy, then?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
We've been guessing
where the money is,
and it's been right under our nose
the whole time.
We ain't got a Scooby.
So, do you believe that
Mike and Adam and Will and Jo-Anne
actually knew what they had?
I...
Like, it could be a case of,
"Let's just keep swapping the money
and just getting a 10K each,
"just stacking up."
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Possibly.
We're obviously gonna try
and give you the case back,
but in a way...
That isn't obvious.
..that isn't obvious.
'They've given us the case
to take the heat off them.
'We understand that.'
I think our alliance with
Will and Jo-Anne is stronger now.
'I think everyone
just feels reassured.'
I suppose the question is
where's the Early Checkout Card?
Yeah, we all know...
We're all on the same page.
Obviously, we know, at the moment,
Jae and Cherish have got
the Early Checkout Card.
'We do gain a massive advantage
'because we've got all the pieces
to the jigsaw at the moment.'
We're in the driving seat.
Yeah.
Good morning.
ALL: Morning.
Hello. How are you all?
Good.
It was great last night.
There were lots of swaps,
so a lot of new information.
You're getting to know
what's going on,
but obviously, one couple...
are £10,000 richer this morning.
Right, well, can I ask you please
to all return to your rooms
for today's Room Service Challenge?
And please be very careful
because once one falls over,
they all go.
GASPING
Thank you very much.
I feel a big bit of pressure
for us to actually win
this Room Service Challenge.
Yeah, yeah, definitely.
Because if we don't,
then we're putting ourselves
under jeopardy.
Someone could come in,
swap our case, take the money.
'We don't know what's gonna happen.'
I think it's very, very important
for us to win
the Room Service Challenge today
because we have
the Early Checkout Card.
'And we're going to get rid of it.'
What do we have here?
Dominoes.
Interesting.
How high we can stack it.
It's a lot in here. Oh.
I think you'll find
that's... check mate.
Hello. As a former British
junior dominoes champion,
I know a thing or two
about shaking the old bones.
'That's a domino term.'
I win.
No, you didn't.
HE CHUCKLES
He's taking the piss.
"You have ten minutes to build
the highest tower
"using only the dominoes provided."
How'd you build
a dominoes tower again?
"Tallest tower wins."
"Before you start,
please hold hands.
"You must remain..."
What?
"You must remain holding hands
for the entire game."
Whoa! You want me to work
with one hand?
What's your strongest hand?
Right.
So is my right.
Which is your right?
This is my right.
You want to use your right.
Give me your left hand.
I'm a lefty, anyway.
What are you, a righty? Yeah.
We'll hold hands,
then we're just sweet. We're good.
That's perfect.
Are we sitting down?
Just chill.
Trust me, I'm a bricklayer.
I know.
Time starts now.
Oh, no, don't lose time doing that.
Well, no, but we don't want them
to go all over.
Like this so that it has balance
at all angles.
But we need to build
a foundation as well, Cherish.
Adam and Michael
will be brilliant at this.
Well, he's a bloody bricklayer.
Do six and then link over.
Link over.
You've got...
Your hands are so soft.
Once you get to five tiles high...
Go the other direction.
..go the other direction.
This is intense, you know.
Do we think building a line...
..and going up from that
is the way to go?
Or do you want to go like...?
I think we go flat.
Flat?!
Yeah.
It feels sturdy already, doesn't it?
Yes, that ain't going nowhere.
It's gonna... It's gonna fall.
OK.
Now I say we go this way.
Yes! You're so smart, Tommy.
Honestly,
it's incredibly attractive.
Put another side beam in there
and then put an end one on.
TV: You have five minutes left.
Oh, my word.
Let's not lose sight.
Let's not panic.
Stop moving the table.
If you touch it like that,
just slide them like this.
Put them as close as you can.
There.
I can feel it's all right, mate.
I've built walls in the wind.
It's all good.
"One minute left."
Just build one tower.
Just build the one I'm building.
No, no, no,
just individually because....
No, just individually.
Listen to what I'm saying.
My hands are shaking...
Do you want me to do it?
..so badly.
No, no. It's cool, it's cool.
Yeah, let's stack.
Just stack one on top of the other
like you were originally gonna do.
Mm, mm!
No, no, no.
Push it that way.
Push it. Push it to me.
OK, OK. Right. Level it up, then.
Level it up. Argh!
Right, now, just trust me on this.
Trust me on this.
Just trust me on this.
Yeah. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
No, don't do any more.
Don't do any more.
Oh, eight seconds.
Eight. Seven. Six.
Ugh, ugh, no, the whole thing shook!
I'm only gonna balance one.
OK.
Argh! You're doing it too fast!
Leave it that.
Leave it at that.
Lay it down. Just lay it down.
I think we leave it.
Right, come away.
HE CHUCKLES
Mate, that's fucking high.
I don't think
anyone's building higher.
You think that's high enough?
Nah.
Oh!
"You lost. Better luck next time."
Shall I... Can I...? Can I just...?
Womp, womp, womp.
There's a surprise.
SHE LAUGHS
"Better luck next time."
At least we're consistent.
I know!
THEY LAUGH
That is pretty high.
I reckon that's beat.
I don't think that's beat.
PHONE RINGS
ADAM: Do you wanna answer it?
You answer it.
Hello?
Hello, Michael?
Oh, hello.
You won the challenge.
Oi, oi,
we won the challenge, big boy.
'Very good.'
Get in there! Thank you.
You have some choices to make.
'Yes.'
You can either...
..go and peek
in someone else's case.
'Yeah.'
Or you can swap your case
with another pair.
OK.
I will leave you to it.
Cheers. Thanks, Stephen. Bye-bye.
'Cheers. Bye.'
Fuck off! Who has done that?
OK! OK!
Say what?! Say what?!
Say what?
What?!
Like, I have the right mind
to put my fist straight through
the fucking bottom of it.
Oh, it's defo just
Dan and Claire again.
That's good now. So we've got that.
We'll swap the case back
with Will and Jo-Anne. Yeah?
So then we've rectified
the situation.
Everyone's happy.
And then we still know
that the case is gonna be
in their hands
and Jae and Cherish have got
the Early Checkout.
We wasn't expecting that money.
Nah. And we were surprised
when we got it.
So keeping it between the two of us
with them hopefully getting
the money as well
is definitely the right thing to do,
isn't it?
We need to put our trust in them and
Will and Jo as they put trust in us.
Yeah, definitely.
If Adam and Michael haven't won,
there's something wrong.
We're not hiring Adam to come
and do any building work for us.
KNOCKING ON DOOR,
SHE GASPS
SHE EXHALES
So there we go.
Our word is our bond.
Shh.
WHISPERING: Thank you.
Thank you.
Yeah, cheers.
I'd be a bit worried
if you didn't win that. Yeah.
So, before...
Wait, which case is which?
That's yours.
So we've all got eyes on that now.
We basically wanna return
the favour, do you know what I mean?
So hopefully,
in the challenge later on today,
we can both be up there,
and then you guys
get ten grand as well.
Do you know what I mean? Team in.
Let's go. Team, go, team! Right.
We'll see you in a bit.
Be quiet. See you later.
SHE CHUCKLES
We knew who were gonna win it.
When it to came to us,
we were like, "Yes!"
I am shattered. Stacking dominoes.
Yeah, a bit of a nightmare,
wasn't it?
How did you guys do?
Oh, we think it was the best
Room Service Challenge we've had.
Really?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Did you guys win?
Um, we're not gonna say that.
It was fun, though, wasn't it?
'Our conversation with Cherish and
Jae definitely feels a bit tense.'
Prior to the Room Service Challenge,
we think that
the Early Checkout Card
was with Cherish and Jae,
which would fit with them being
a bit distant and a bit cold today.
You guys a bit tired?
You seem a bit low on energy today.
I'm tired today.
I'm tired.
Mentally draining, that's all.
Yeah.
It's mentally draining.
Physically, it's a lot as well.
Soak up the view,
soak up the surroundings.
We're in an incredible place.
I don't like to sit
across the table from people
who have literally just handed us
the death card.
I just wanna put my hands
in the middle of the table and say,
"Right, let's just get to it."
"What are you playing at?"
"What was the reason?"
BOTH: "What was that reason?"
So, no-one has an idea
where the money is.
I ain't got... I ain't got a clue.
Yeah?
I really ain't got a clue.
I just sit there watching it.
Praying.
What do we think about
the Early Checkout Card, then?
Where do we think that is?
I mean, asking us who we think has
the Early Checkout Card.
How cheeky.
Dunno. At this point it could be
anyone, and that's the funny thing.
Yeah.
Could literally be anyone.
Nobody's jumping up and down going,
"I've got
the Early Checkout Card here."
Shut up, Dan.
Just close your mouths.
Button it, OK?
Hello there.
Hello, hello.
You all right? You all right?
Hello.
Right, it is time now
for your Day Trip Challenge.
If I can ask you to prepare
for water activities.
CHUCKLING
Please don't go overboard.
Your transport leaves shortly.
Thank you.
Oh!
You were hoping
for a bit more water.
You love it, Jae.
Yeah.
You can't get enough of the water.
# Don't go overboard... #
You're half woman, half fish.
Not happy.
# Don't go overboard. #
Cherish, I'm gonna knock you out.
CHERISH LAUGHS
Our alliance with Michael and Adam
is really strong,
so all we need to do now
is win the challenge
and make sure we keep that case.
# It's about to go down
# I'm gonna take it higher... #
Hopefully, this is the one
that we're gonna win
so that we can get Dan and Claire
out of the game.
Let's get it on.
# Bring that fire
# Oh, oh, oh, oh... #
DAN: 'We love the challenges.
'This is big stuff today,
and we've got to win.'
# Fire, oh, oh, oh, oh
# Oh, oh
# Whoa, oh, oh, oh
# Bring that fire. #
It's important
that we do really well today.
It's not our time to go.
And I'm hoping
that karma makes an appearance.
THEY CHUCKLE
If we keep winning challenges
and we keep winning
Room Service Challenges,
then we are, like,
so in control at the moment.
I know.
We know everything. Like, people...
The good thing about that
is no-one...
no-one knows that we swapped cases.
I know. I know.
Who do you think's
the Fortune Holders right now?
We think maybe, erm,
Michael and Adam.
Because we had suspicions
about Will and Jo initially.
You know, we were thinking maybe
they're looking after their own.
You know, they keep just
taking ten grand out each,
so everyone gets a...
It's whether they've formed
some sort of...
They have, they're always
with each other. ..alliance.
Always with each other
from breakfast, lunch, dinner,
always round each other.
MUSIC: 'Another Way To Die'
by Alicia Keys and Jack White
Is this Stephen coming in?
Oh, wow.
AS BOND: Shaken, not stirred.
Could we not have had
Daniel Craig doing this?
Hi, guys.
ALL: Hi.
Do you like my boat?
Yeah. It's nice.
It's a bit like me.
It's fast, it's sleek
and likes being tied up.
THEY LAUGH
The aim of today's
Day Trip Challenge is very simple.
So, that over there is an island -
uh, we can see.
It's called Hog Island.
You have to go over
to that island
and collect a cocktail
off a barman called Stephen.
But I will only give you
that cocktail
if you tell me the secret word.
And that word
is an anagram of letters
that are scattered all over the bay.
The only way to get to
those letters is on a speedboat.
The first team
to receive the cocktail
will get that coveted
final swap tonight.
And let's not forget, tonight,
another pair are going home,
and another pair will be
in control of the fortune,
pocketing £10,000 in the process.
So, the first thing under here
are the keys of various boats.
They are boats of differing quality,
so choose carefully.
OK.
Jo-Anne and Will,
what boat are you gonna go for?
Jah Works.
Jah Works, fantastic.
Take your key, please.
Michael and Adam.
We're gonna go Sun Kist.
Tommy and Scott.
Spitting Fire.
Susan and Jen.
Blackbeard The Pirate.
Aysha and Samm.
Bling.
We're gonna go His Grace 2.
You're not concerned about
what happened to His Grace 1?
Little, a little.
Cherish and Jae got Unstoppable.
You all right with that?
Yeah, it describes us.
Perfect. I wish you good fortune.
Off you go.
Who's Jah Works?
Bling.
What's this one?
Yep. There's Bling.
Blackbeard. Susan, in here,
Blackbeard. We're in here.
Oh, no. Where is ours?
Where's ours?
Go, boss.
Go, go, go!
Let's go! Whoo!
There's a little bit of rust
and a few little cracks.
Oh, God.
The paint's peeling off, Will.
Whoo. See you later, alligator.
SCREAMING
I like the bad boy.
It's not that. Look, Blade.
Yeah, it's not this.
Oh, shit the bed.
Whoo!
Tommy and Scott are way gone.
Yeah.
Well, we've got the slowest boat.
D'you know what it reminds me of?
We're good at anagrams.
I know.
This is like me,
though, when I'm driving.
Driving Miss Daisy.
I don't think that's ours somehow?
We're over there, aren't we?
Oh, we're not, are we?
It's not that.
Please say it's not that.
It's not looking good.
It's a boat.
You need to find a boat.
There is a boat.
There is a boat?
Yeah.
Is that? That can't be...
Fuck, that can't be the boat.
Oh! Yeah, it is.
Picked the wrong boat.
It'll be all right, won't it?
Yeah. A few buckets, and it'll
be ready to go. Got any oars?
Unfortunately,
it does mean you have come last
in this challenge.
Oh, no.
And you'll been making
the first swap this evening.
Come on, I'll give you a lift.
Sun Kist. Sun Kist is an anagram...
Is it?
..of "it's sunk".
Oh!
Why didn't you tell us that before?
THEY LAUGH
We are... We're gutted.
I mean, you know,
we love doing the challenges,
and to not even have a go
and then being given
the automatic last place,
seventh spot, is a is a bit
of a kick in the teeth, innit?
But we always look on the bright
side of life no matter what,
and we just try
and find the positives
in not being able to go
on the challenge and being last.
THEY LAUGH
Which isn't a lot.
Left here, left here.
Oh, there's one there,
left, left, left, left, left.
Come on.
We need to be faster than this.
There's one, there's one,
there's one.
On the left,
the left behind the float.
It's E.
I think we need to go this way.
There's a gold one over there.
Right.
Through this gap here, boss.
D. E.
D. D. D for donkey.
E-D. E-D.
E-D.
There's one there.
Where is there?
The back off this boat here, mate.
E. M. Domino.
Domino. OK. To the bar.
Go to the beach.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
This one first,
this one, this one, this one.
E-D-M. E-D-M.
If this goes in with domino, then...
Yeah.
R.
Oh, shit.
No, it's not, it's not.
Oh, OK. Right. Hang on.
So we've got M, R...
D-O-M-R-E.
Drome. Room, Room end.
Room bed.
Bedroom.
Go to the bar. The bar.
The bar.
The bar. The bar.
Oh, who's this? Are they coming in?
Here comes Susan and Jen.
Somebody's in.
Do they have the right word, though?
That's the thing.
Hope this is right. Hi, Stephen.
OK, we think the word is bedroom.
Bedroom.
Yeah.
Is wrong.
Oh, no. Oh, fuck.
Go on, then. Keep going.
Keep going.
Wrong fucking word.
Claire, here's one. A. A.
So with all these letters we got,
we should get it.
D-R-E-A-M.
We mustn't keep saying it
in the same order.
We've got five.
We need two more. Yeah.
It could be "dreamer".
It's M again.
Two Ms.
E-D-M-R. There, there!
Look, they've got a cocktail.
Come on, Will and Jo-Anne.
Now there, please.
Don't point too obviously.
Yeah.
Oh, there's one here.
Is that I? I. I.
I.
We've got all of them. OK.
E-D-M-M-R-A-I.
CHERISH: 'We have to win.'
We actually have to win,
and the stakes are high.
Mr...
Come on, Will and Jo-Anne.
Madame. M-A-D-A-M-E. Madame.
Do you want to try it,
shall we just try it?
It ain't got an R,
it ain't got an R in it.
Oh, we haven't got an R.
Got an R, got an R. Murder.
Because it could also be maid.
Something maid.
Mermaid?
M-E-R-A-I-D.
But we didn't see a D.
Yes, we did.
We did! The E, D.
Oh, yeah.
Can we go to the island?
Mermaid. Mermaid, mermaid.
Oh, my God.
Can we pull up to the beach?
Mermaid. To the beach, please.
To the beach.
Let's go. Oh.
Cherish and Jae.
Welcome to my bar.
Hi. Hello.
Hi, Steven.
What have you got for me?
Mermaid. Mermaid?
Congratulations.
SCREAMING
# Unstoppable today
# Unstoppable today... #
You get the final slot tonight.
Oh, my God.
Where's my cocktail?
Girls, you've destroyed my bar.
SCREAMING
SONG: 'Under The Sea'
You came first.
So sorry.
It's all right.
Scott and Tommy are coming in.
The word is mermaid, right?
Are you sure?
I think so.
It's right.
Come on.
Gents.
Yes, where's my drink?
Yes. Number two.
Merm. We haven't got a U.
Mermaid.
Mermaid. Mermaid, mermaid.
In, in, in, please.
OK. Dan and Claire,
have they done it?
Mermaid.
Mermaid...
is right.
Woo-hoo.
Here you go.
Number three.
Got it. Got it.
Mermaid.
Mermaid?
Is right.
Get in!
Yes!
Here, Jo-Anne. Number four.
Cheers. Well done.
Take that.
Well done, guys.
Well done.
M-O-O-R-I-D-B.
Have we got two Os?
Two Os. Right.
What kind of a cocktail is this?
I have a feeling it's rum something.
What is it? Mud rum?
Let's go and say mud.
Maid rum.
Huh?
Maid rum. OK. Let's go.
We're last. We're last.
Susan, chill,
if we're last, we're last.
Look, let's go in,
we've got the letters. Yeah.
And even if we need to sit there
and keep thinking it through.
You never know.
Somebody might help us out.
OK.
Right, can we just go in, please?
You got a word for me?
Maid rum.
Say it again.
Come on, girls.
It's not over yet.
Write it in the sand.
Work it out. Take your time.
Just take your time.
Just try and work it out.
Keep writing them all out.
Right. So we've got "bride".
WHISPERS: B? They have a B?
Double check the letters.
Make sure they're all perfect.
Let's go back, then. Come.
Do you want to go back out?
To do what?
To go back to them again.
If I go back out,
I'm not coming back.
We are coming back in.
When they were reading
the letters out, she read,
B-O-O, all sorts.
Don't have the energy.
Thank you. Susan!
Just give me a fucking minute,
sorry. OK.
Everyone's looking.
Just get me in the boat, please.
That's an I. Is that an I?
Yeah.
Let's go, let's go back.
OK, go back.
M again.
Another M.
So we got that wrong. Two Ms.
I'm thinking "dime". And we need
to start writing with the sand.
There's an R.
Have we seen a B?
Where did we get a B from then?
Dime rum.
Um, there's no, um. There's no U.
Mermaid.
Back to the bar, boss.
Back to the bar.
If this isn't it...
Go on.
Mermaid.
Is the word mermaid?
It's mermaid.
We got it.
You've got it. Well done.
Well done, guys.
Aysha and Samm, it's all over,
I'm afraid. Come on up.
WHOOPING
Listen, I've got some good news
and bad news.
OK.
You didn't come last.
Is it?
You are in sixth place,
but it's not last.
What's the cocktail?
Well, it's just a word.
Mermaid.
Are you for real?
I was thinking way out of the box.
Well done, guys.
APPLAUSE
SOBBING: I'm so tired.
It's OK. Don't cry.
SOBS
It's all right.
Well done. Anagrams on boats.
Who knew it'd be so dramatic?
Yeah, I'm never watching
The Little Mermaid ever again
without throwing something
at the TV.
Michael and Adam, so you are
in that last position tonight.
How are you feeling about that?
I think we're just hoping
for a bit of luck
in the Lady Luck, to be honest.
It's not a nice place to be,
but it is what it is, innit?
It's all luck.
I'm really worried
about Michael and Adam.
WILL: 'That could not have gone
much worse.'
Our winners this afternoon,
Cherish and Jae.
Unstoppable,
like the name of your boat.
Yeah! We came first!
We came first!
How are you feeling?
Really, really good, Stephen.
Amazing.
We started the day
with the Early Checkout Card,
and now we have the power.
Wow, wow, wow.
To give it to anybody we like.
GROANS
Sorry. I'm infuriated
at myself for overthinking,
and I'm embarrassed by it as well,
to be honest.
ALL CHANT: Top two van! Top two van!
ALL: Top two van! Whoo!
CHEERING
Well done, guys, honestly.
Well done, guys.
I'm so proud of you.
I'm so proud of you lot.
Just when you think that, yeah,
we're playing the game,
we're doing all right and then...
But you literally have
no control at all. No.
Who'd you reckon Cherish and Jae
will give the card to?
Hopefully not us.
I mean,
this is the name of the game,
like, obviously,
Jae and Cherish have won,
and that's the worst case.
'That's worst-case scenario.
'It's gonna be interesting to see
what happens going into tonight.'
I'm feeling a little bit worried,
actually.
If Jae and Cherish have got the
Early Checkout Card, they are smart.
They're gonna be looking
for the money,
and it's pretty plain
that we don't have the money,
they won't look to take...
I think they're gonna look and try
and lock in that £10,000 tonight.
So maybe we should look to swap.
We need to think
where do they think the money is
and make sure
we've not got that case.
Argh! Back to the hotel.
WILL: So we've come fourth.
Obviously, Jae and Cherish hold
the Early Checkout Card.
Essentially,
they've got the last pick,
and they're sending someone home
inevitably.
Can you imagine
how they must be feeling?
We're number one. Number one.
Number one. Number one.
I think we just keep hold on
to our case,
and hopefully, no-one swaps with us
because I do want that ten grand
now, really, to be fair.
Do you?
Yeah.
You're going tonight.
You're going tonight?
Yeah.
It was never ours to begin with.
It was never... I told you
I didn't see it. I ain't seen it.
Cherish, what are we doing?
We need the money
in our hands tonight.
Well, we know where that is.
There's no mercy because, at some
point, it could come right back.
Back to us, yeah.
So we know what we need to do.
But let's not overthink it.
Yeah.
Let's go get ready for Lady Luck.
# Lady Luck, Lady Luck
Kiki, gee-gee
# Lady Luck
Kiki, gee-gee, Lady Luck. #
# Soldier, hold your line
# Light 'em up
Now it's time to fight... #
'I feel like we are in a
vulnerable position at the moment.'
'Yeah, because we've come last
in the challenge earlier today.'
I'm nervous.
# To pay the price of war... #
DANIEL:
'It's dangerous for us tonight.
'We've got people
who are gonna be making selections
'in the Lady Luck Bar after us.'
So, erm, I'm really worried.
# Rise up
Everybody take a stand... #
CHERISH: 'Tonight for us
is all about revenge
'and getting a hold of that money.'
WILL: 'Tonight, that money is ours.'
JO-ANNE: 'We don't want anybody
to take our case.'
Good evening.
ALL: Good evening.
Good evening, all.
So, the Nightcap.
Cherish and Jae, you are in
the supremely comfortable position
of being able to sit back,
listen to what everyone else says,
watch how the cases move,
and then at the end,
come in and make your move.
You must be feeling pretty good.
Yeah.
Dan and Claire, you came third
in the challenge today.
That's, up till now,
been a pretty safe spot to be in.
Are you feeling relaxed?
No.
This is the first time
we've come into a Lady Luck Bar
without knowing that we're gonna
be able to come out of it unscathed.
Um, so it's, um,
incredibly stressful and unnerving.
You have an idea of what everyone
else has been going through.
Yeah, yeah, it's an
unpleasant situation to be in.
So, before we get to the swaps,
as always,
I'd like to hear if there's anything
you'd like to say.
This is your chance to try and flush
out who the Fortune Holders are...
..or your last chance to find out
who the Early Checkout
Cardholders are.
Jo-Anne and Will.
I just want to say good luck
to everybody.
Um, we're all doing our utmost best,
and I just want to, erm...
Oh.
Just thank everybody...
..for helping me live my best life
for the minute.
Thank you, Jo-Anne.
The whole thing of us being here
in the Fortune Hotel,
it's changed my life.
I just don't want it to end.
You all have to decide now
whether you're gonna stick
with what you've got,
or whether you're gonna swap.
Remember, whoever finishes tonight
with the fortune...
..gets to pull £10,000 from it
and gets to decide where
the Early Checkout Card goes next.
It's all to play for.
Michael and Adam.
You came last today.
You will be making
that first move,
and because you came last,
you will have to swap.
So who are you gonna swap with
and why?
Um, we'd like to swap with, today,
Tommy and Scott.
Um, the reason being is we started
with that case last night,
and we said from day dot,
there was nothing in it.
We've now got nothing in this case.
So, hopefully, we're gonna gain
a bit of trust this way,
and really,
that's what we're gonna do.
OK. Please swap.
WHISPERS: Cheers, mate.
Aysha and Samm.
What are you gonna do?
I think we'll stick.
OK. Thank you. Susan and Jen.
What are you thinking,
swap or stick?
We're just going to stick
with our case.
Jo-Anne and Will, you're next up.
You can stick. You can swap.
What's the thinking?
Um, we've chatted about it,
and yesterday, in the Lady Luck Bar,
we felt like
we had a bit of an inkling
about where
the Early Checkout Card was.
Tonight,
we really haven't got a clue.
And to us, staying here
is worth more than ten grand.
So we're gonna stick
because we know we're safe.
Fingers crossed people won't think
we've got the money.
All we need to do now is just
keep it till the end of the swaps.
Just got to keep it.
Daniel and Claire, next up.
What's the plan?
We'd like to swap with...
..Will and Jo-Anne.
'Holy shit. What's happening?'
The reason being, we feel that
it's likely to be a safe swap.
JAE: 'What's going on right now?'
CHERISH: 'If you have the money,
why are you swapping?'
We're in a trickier spot tonight,
but we're still keen
to keep on learning,
and this is a way of going about it.
OK. Please swap.
We did that, really,
to try and create a distraction.
I feel a bit sick, to be honest.
So there are two pairs left.
We've had two swaps
and three sticks.
Tommy and Scott, you're up next.
You've seen
what everyone else has done.
What do you think.
We think we're gonna keep.
OK. Thank you.
Cherish, Jae.
So here you are in that position
everyone wants to be in.
The final move of this evening
is down to the two of you.
What are you gonna do?
So...
CLEARS THROAT
It's been a very, um...
..tumultuous last 24 hours for us.
Um... We've had highs.
Obviously, today was absolutely
amazing, winning the challenge.
We were actually given
the Early Checkout Card.
OK.
And this is a very powerful position
to be put in.
'I wanted to get rid
of Dan and Claire,
'and take the money
from them at the same time.
'But now they've swapped
with Will and Jo.'
'Do we chase the money
with Will and Jo?
'Or do we stick
with getting Dan and Claire out?'
The couple that we have decided
to swap with tonight is...
..Dan and Claire.
We're gonna look like
a pair of evil baddies.
The trust has gone.
Wow, Will and Jo!
I'm sorry, you're now my enemy.
Once that trust is broken with us,
it is done, innit?
Your challenge starts now.
'What were you saying?'
I'm listening.
You're not telling me anything.
'I honestly can't wait to put
Michael and Adam out.' Come on!
You need to wait
to see your opponent's move
before you make your move.
It's two couples playing against
each and every couple here.
Would you be prepared
to get rid of Jae and Cherish?
Yeah.
Michael and Adam,
we want them to give their case
to Jae and Cherish
so we can take Jae and Cherish out.
We have never used our alliance
to manipulate another couple.
So there is an alliance?
Absolutely, there is.
We didn't want this case.
Can we get this moving?
We've got other swaps to make.
Let's find out
who won the Fortune Hotel.
Subtitles by accessibilty@itv.com